README.md, before:

# TaskApp

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to run the project:

1. **Install dependencies**

```bash
npm install
```

2. **Start the JSON Server**  
  Make sure you have `json-server` installed globally:

```bash
npm install -g json-server
```

Then start the server using your `db.json` file on port 3001:

```bash
json-server --watch db.json --port 3001
```

3. **Start the application**  
  In a new terminal, run:

```bash
npm start
```

The app should now be running and connected to the JSON server.

You can access the project at [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200).

---

## Features & Technologies Used

This project utilizes several Angular features and best practices, including:

- **Angular Components** and component interaction
- **Pipes** (both built-in and custom)
- **Angular Services** for data management and business logic
- **Directives** (built-in and custom)
- **Angular Routing** for navigation between views
- **Dependency Injection** for service and resource management
- **Modules** and standalone components for modular architecture
- **Event Binding** for interactive UI elements

Additionally, the project uses:

- **Bootstrap** for responsive and modern UI design
- **SweetAlert (swal)** for enhanced alert and confirmation dialogs

Using these features demonstrates a strong understanding of Angular and modern web development practices and will be considered a bonus.

Commit message:

Enhance README with user account details and update profile component to use unified details method

README.md, after:

# TaskApp

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to run the project:

1. **Install dependencies**

```bash
npm install
```

2. **Start the JSON Server**  
   Make sure you have `json-server` installed globally:

```bash
npm install -g json-server
```

Then start the server using your `db.json` file on port 3001:

```bash
json-server --watch db.json --port 3001
```

3. **Start the application**  
   In a new terminal, run:

```bash
npm start
```

The app should now be running and connected to the JSON server.

You can access the project at [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200).

---

## User Accounts

The application supports two types of user accounts:

- **Admin**

  - Has full access to manage tasks and users.
  - Example credentials:
    - email: `admin@example.com`
    - Password: `admin123`

- **Beneficiary**
  - Can view and manage their own tasks.
  - Example credentials:
    - email: `sarah@example.com`
    - Password: `sarah123`

You can modify or add user accounts in the `db.json` file under the `users` section.

---

## Features & Technologies Used

This project utilizes several Angular features and best practices, including:

- **Angular Components** and component interaction
- **Pipes** (both built-in and custom)
- **Angular Services** for data management and business logic
- **Directives** (built-in and custom)
- **Angular Routing** for navigation between views
- **Dependency Injection** for service and resource management
- **Modules** and standalone components for modular architecture
- **Event Binding** for interactive UI elements

Additionally, the project uses:

- **Bootstrap** for responsive and modern UI design
- **SweetAlert (swal)** for enhanced alert and confirmation dialogs

Using these features demonstrates a strong understanding of Angular and modern web development practices and will be considered a bonus.
